Goldob = TooMuchSwagException
ir0x539 = Maxwell Mann Tribute Band
slightlyeskew = Battle Cattle
nicketh = Proxy 2 Gate
ryancheu = Proxy 2 Gate
jianty_ = Armada
slumerville = DoYouEvenMilk
tfk1 = quotes

team003 - PaddleGoats
   1/21 - Rushing quite effectively. Watch game 5655 for some quiet, effective aggressive micro.
          Try to understand whether I'm making micro mistakes or whether it's just that rush will
          win in these situations.

team160 - 0xg
   1/21 - camps your spawn!! This can actually be pretty effective! Except they don't yet go after your
          pastrs or do anything else...

team104 - The Simple Soldier
   1/20: they are rushing (rallying to center and then attacking my pastr). This was quite effective against my
         anatid19_noisepastr_stonewall, in part because of quite good selfdestruct micro. The other aspects of
         their micro aren't as good but self-destruct seems very powerful.

team160 - 0xg
   1/19: eventually (sometimes) builds a pastr and then tries to defend it with a phalanx of
         8 soldiers in the adjacent squares. Doesn't seem to build a noise tower. The defense isn't
         very effective.

team117 - Fragments of a Hologram Rose
   1/21: I can still hold off his rush (barely) but only because he makes mistakes. I think
         it's becoming clear that a well-implemented rush will beat a quick tower+pastr strat
   1/19: he's imitating proxy's sprint strategy, with some success
   HAS SOME REALLY COOL PATHFINDING: SEE GAME 752
   with framework-1-9: they built all pastrs early, I punished them and won

team121 - Team 7
   1/18: they're rushing currently, it seems

team052 - The Vegan Police
   1/18: imitating proxy's sprint strategy I think. Their micro is better than anatid19_noisepastr_stonewall's, perhaps because
         they use self-destructs effectively
   1/12: dangerous: beat my hq pastr strat with a better hq pastr implementation.
         on bakedpotato their herding was better. on divide got better map control
         since my guys always retreat, and built a second pastr

team009 - Noob Status
   1/19: DEFINITELY targeting my broadcasts!!
   1/12: now uses hq pastr with pretty bad noise tower herding. my harrassers were effective
   REALLY NICE BUG + ROAD HEURISTIC PATHFINDING. MAKES IT OBVIOUS THAT THE BFS IS SLOWING ME DOWN A LOT
   NICE SOLDIER HERDING INTO CORNERS STRATEGY
   with framework-1-9: (match 305) G#1: they built 2 pastrs in corners and used soldiers to herd into them
                                        worked really well! I lost
                                   G#2: he got confused b/c Reticle doesn't have corners, and I won
                                   G#3: another open map; they herded into corners and won


team133 - Proxy 2 Gate
   1/13: even more dangerous: Their soldiers sit outside my pastr and their 7th and 8th guys
         build a noise tower + pastr. They haven't figured out the pastr build time finesse.
         In fact they don't actually engage so they aren't really rushing and I'd beat them
         handily if I went noise tower first, especially with the pastr build time finesse.
         But they probably SHOULD be rushing: they'd win if they did. Anyway, they get good
         map control and get to place their pastr wherever they want, and it has no enemies
         attacking it and scaring cows, making it very dangerous. If they cleaned up some
         aspects of this I expect they'd beat me every time probably.
   1/12: dangerous: rushes my pastr. camps spawn if pastr is in HQ. this starves the HQ
                    pastr of cows. builds a pastr + noise tower in the center at round 1000,
                    which wins if they have map control or loses if some of my guys got out.
                    beat me bad on reticle this way.
   they now have a possibly-dangerous rush?
   INTERESTING STAND-OFFISH MICRO: WATCH MATCH 292; MIGHT BE SLIGHTLY BETTER THAN MINE (actually not that good)
   with framework-1-9: (match 292) G#1: they build 2 pastrs, I built 1,
                                        all pastrs were destroyed, I rebuilt mine and wo
                                   G#2: they neglected to build pastrs, so I won with 1.

team059 - cereBELLUM
   1/12: Uses HQ noise tower but tries to build others randomly in the open. Doesn't
         work well because I quickly kill those. My harrassers were effective

team178 - @Deprecated
   1/17: still using HQ NT, but NICE AGGRESSIVE MICRO: see game 2 of 4381
   1/13: was still using HQ noise tower. defeated especially handily by pastr build time finesse
   1/12: Used HQ noise tower. My harrassers were effective so my HQ noise tower won.
   1/9 or so: REALLY NICE ATTACK MICRO THAT ANNIHILATED ME WITH A RUSH
   How their micro seems to work: they hold off until they have a numbers advantage. They signal
   to each other so that bots that can't see the fight will join it. They don't walk into double-teams.
   They completely wipe the floor with me with equal numbers.

team037 - Southern
   1/12: builds a noise tower + pastr (noise tower first) outside HQ but doesn't defend them, so I killed them

team069 - 1260/3
   Does a HQ noise tower + pastr strategy, with fairly dumb but sometimes effective
   noise tower herding.
   WOULD HAVE LOST TO THEM EXCEPT THEY DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE HQ BUG

team018 - NP-Compete
   Does a HQ noise tower + multiple pastr strategy (I think multiple pastrs is dumb)
   with circular herding, which is pretty fast and effect on the right maps.
   WOULD HAVE LOST TO THEM EXCEPT THEY DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE HQ BUG


team056 - baumteam
   with framework-1-9: they try to use soldiers to herd into pastrs next to HQ
                       they synchronize the herding of a bunch of soldier.
                       it didn't work well, so I won with a single well-placed pastr

